Room A - The Arsenal 
Setting - Weapons all around (Guns, Bats, Swords), fightijg dummies
Event - Left hand of the player starts to "Itch" and "Burn". Player looses controll of movement and screams while clutching the hand. The hand begins to move towards the player neck.
The player has 3 options 
a - chop the hand off
b - break hand 
c - keep hand
We chose option C
-2 Sanity 
+1 Strength
We feel a green slime aorund our leg, we kick it off us
-1 Strength

Room B - Body Room
Setting - Piles of Bodies and Body Parts (Legs, arms, head ect) and a TV
Event - We hear a crackling of static, the TV turns on. A Child is shown playing, she truns to the screen
"Play with me" the child says 
The screen then turns black. When the player trys to leave the girl starts to stare at us again and we fade out. we open our eyes and see a pathway. there is 2 ways 
a - a chair with a noose (If player chooses this the game ends with the player comiting suicide
b - light we can walk into (If player chooses this we teleport back into the room under some of the bodies)
We chose option B 

Room C - Locked
Event - door has a face on it saying "Tell me the password and I will let you in"

Room D - Research Lab
Setting - Xrays, microscopes, memos, notes, chemestry equiptment, Cyan Mirror
Event - Mirror asks for a "sacrifice"
"Give me a FUCKING Sacrifice" Mirror
We decided to throw monkey into the Mirror
"fuck you" says the Monkey
The Mirror then spits out a black box that is sealed, we take it. We also notice in the room is a recipe for a Invisability Potion 

Room E - Door is Locked
Event - Steve the book checks for us 

Room F - The Balcony 
Setting - Book on a stand 
Event - "take me with you" says the book
We pick it up 
"What is your name?" we ask
"Steve" the book says 

Room G - Toy Room
Setting - Toys everywhere (blocks, horses, teddies) Bed, desks 
Event - Hear a clink, and a gear shifting. the player falls to the floor and a blade flys above us and hits the wall
-2 Sanity

Room H - Library 
Setting - Books, bookshevles, tables, chairs, desks 
Event - player finds a shit box, opens and finds flashlight. Player can see book of chemical equiptment and atonomty of cats and rats 

Room I - Church
Setting - benches, alter
Event - 


Room J


Room K


Upper Foyer

