Room A:
Aresenal - Filled with guns, bats, swords, dummies all broken?
Event: left hand begins to itch and burn. Can do nothing but clutch hand and scream, cannot feel hand. hand moves on its own to strangle your self. 
a - chop off hand 
b - break hand 
c - keep hand ***
Loose 2 sanity
Gain 1 strength
green slime around our leg. try to kick 
loose 1 strength 

Room C: 
Face laughing out of door "Cannot enter intill you tell me the password"

Room B:
Room of bodies - Filed with bodies and body parts
Event: Crakling of static startles you, Tv truns on. Child is shown playing, she stops playing and tells you "Play with me" and then the screen turns black.
When we try to leave the door closes, girl stares at us 
We fade out, everything goes black...
We open our eyes and we see a pathway
backwards is light(TP to under bodies), foward is a chair and a noose(Comits Suicide, talks to herself)

Upper foyle:
HAs nothing in it 
sees flashlight in our face "Hands up"
sees policeman asking us for ID with a gun pointed at us
"shows keys" us
"No prrof" him
"Show us your police id" us
"Im the one holding the gun, i make the rules" him
"Its law" us
"Ill arrest you" him 
We walk away "Good bye" us
"Stop ill shoot" him 
"Do it pussy you wont, all mouth" us 
Police man will chase us he knocks us over and handcuffs us 
"You will be arrested us for resisting the law" him
loose 1 health
"You still didnt shoot us pussy" us 
"oh for fuck sake" him
"You stay here" him 
Police man walks away to another room 
We see the ocultists, she looks at us with pity "cant believe you are in this state, itys not the .. of the law" she throws key to us
Added handcuffs key
she takes crystal ball 
Goes for keys
gets out handcuffs 
added handcuffs to inventory 

Room D:
research lab - xrays on the wall, memos. notes, chemestry equiptment
Mirror in the room. cyan in colour 
"I demaned a FUCKINGGGGGGGG sacrifice" Mirror
we throw monkey in - seem in slow mo 
"FUCKKKKK UUUUUUUU" Monkey
"thabnk you" Mirror
spits out black box, magicly sealed, glowing rune on it
We undertand these are formuleas for concaction to make peole invisisiable. 

Room H:
Library - boooks books book and books tables boooks , chairs books lights book, 1 shelf with a white box, books and books 
Open white box, find a flashlight 
notice interesting book. 1 page is cmeical equiptment, 1 page is anatomy of cats and rats

Room J:
LOCKED 

Room K:
LOCKED

Room G:
Toy room - beds, diolls, cubes, teddies,
Event: hear a tink, click and gear shifting, fall flat on the ground, blade flys above us and hits the wall
loose 2 sanity 

Room F:
Balcony - 
One more book, it is glowing 
"take me with you " book
pick it up 
"whats your name" us
"My name is Steve"

Room E: 
"Let me check" Steve
"Door is locked" steve 

Room I:
church
Police man sit on the benches praying
We sneak up putting handcuffs on
barley resisted 
took gun
"Thank you i deserve this"
He cant look at us"
"I didnt know you where the owner of the house, i was controlled by a spirit, i feel like by somebody who knows about spirits" police man 
"have you seen somebody?" us
"I saw a guy" him
"Can you un cuff me " him
we uncuff
"can I have my gun back" him 
"we will give you the gun but if you do anything Steve will fuck you" us
"Sure" police man 
gives gun 
"is that a flying book? is he talking? ive seen my fair share of crazy shit"police man
Both walk over to alter
"opne the box"police man 
we open box and find a bell
gain 1 sanity 
when ringing bell we can alert all friends or enemies
"I have no use ofr this you can have it" police man
we ring bell 
we hear screaming 
we go downstairs and police man follows us 
we find kyle, miriridia and police man going to the trap door. it is open 

end 

in the black box we find a music box 
once every min we can open or close, character in room has to have to make a 4 saving throw willpower, if failed the charcater will dance for 15 seconds 



